alright well now it's morning witness
the coffee mug as evidence for this
morning what's going on we have babies
in oh we have babies in highchairs
mission creep cheese all over their
faces so exciting can you do what you
just did a second ago that was really
really cute see it all right she's being
cute in her own way but what she was
doing is that going to go i'll try and
reenact it for you her which she was
eating the bagel but she just had the
whole thing smashed into her face too
mushy yeah are you offering some bagels
everybody out there in the interwebs
math the people in the tomb dig into six
and bagels all right the reason I woke
you all up to watch this video was see
what the next step for us sourdough
right this happy abridged a nice warm
spot that's a great place for sourdough
I comments his last night that the bowl
was probably too full to just in case
they put it on a plate and I loosely
covered it with another thing so we're
going to go ahead and grab it
unnecessary close-up hold the camera and
the Bulls and not drop the plate thank
you sir and morning we have a nice
healthy sponge going all I'm going to do
is stir it down oh look at that now to
make a real proper sourdough this is
going to need to fit for days and you
know we'll do care and feeding of it
take good care but I am tempted this
just looks like such a healthy happy
they call it a sponge if you could see
all the bubbles in it when i first
started to stir it down that it had the
texture and the flour gluten was making
it the structure of a sponge stir it
gently get some stuff that dries up up
here on the side otherwise you get
crusty bowl it's kind of gross i'm going
to take about a cup of this today and
improvise a little bread recipe and see
how we do with that it may work it may
not but there's a type of bread baking
in between sourdough and regular
it's called doing it with a sponge so
that's what we'll try later and that's
that's a very slow growth i mean the key
now you may be thinking okay when you
make bread if you just put these two in
and let it sit for hours it won't work
well the key now is to keep taking
little bits of this youth culture out
and giving them fresh food and when you
take them out and give them fresh food
whether it be flour or sugar they're
going to suddenly fire back up and and
start doing their singer guy so we're
really just maintaining a culture of
living East now and keeping them happy
and giving them stuff to do so that's it
okay